---
layout: default
title: One-Sheet 
authors: 
    - sean
    - phil
---
# SpaceCorp 

## Platforms

* Android 
* iOS 

## Target Player 

Players aged between 15 - 40 

## Target Rating

E10 - T

## Story Summary

It's the dawn of a new age of manned space travel - the age of exploitation. 
Humanity has finally reached the stage where the solar system is open to anyone
with the ambition to claim it. You've distinguished yourself as a rising star
in one of three fields: engineering, operations, or business; and you've been 
chosen to put a struggling project to rights. Design and build the next 
generation of interplanetary space ships. Establish colonies, industries, and 
attractions on moons, planets, and planetoids. Manage an interplanetary 
corporate empire or face the displeasure of your stakeholders. Explore, exploit, 
and dominate your way into the history books. 

## Gameplay Outline

Players begin as the project manager for a struggling corporation attempting to 
get establish a permanent settlement on the Moon. Their orbital presence and 
shuttle business is secure but it's time to expand. However the project has hit 
a snag and they need you an up and coming engineer, operations manager, or 
concerned investor to get the project back on track. Design an interplanetary 
vessel which will ferry personnel and cargo to and from LEO and the Moon. 

Gameplay will consist of three distinct but interconnected mechanics: ship 
design and modification, operations, and business. In the first players will 
design custom vessels and balance crew health and comfort, against efficiency. 
They will be able to customize their ships and will have an open ended ship 
designer. In the operations mode they will plot orbits for vessels and build 
installations. In the business mode they will seek investors (both AI and 
other players) and manage the finances of the corporation including acquiring 
other corporations and managing staffing. 

## Unique Selling Points
## Competitive Products